Mail listener v2 - added to the readme (#18637)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener/Integrations/MailListenerV2/README.md

```

## Additional Information
In the first fetch iteration, it might take a few minutes for email messages to be ingested due to filter limitations on the IMAP client.

> Some emails may be skipped and not added to the fetched emails list, because they do not include a date field that shows when was it received,
> as a result, they can't be filtered according to the *time_to_fetch_from* argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some emails may be skipped and not fetched as incidents, due to the fact that they are lacking the date field that shows the time when the email was received.
```
